all right it's Sunday morning and we're
trying to finish up all the last things
that require any cutting welding
fabricating so that we can pull the
engine out pull everything out and start
painting them so these the rear bumpers
these aftermarket ones are notoriously
don't fit very well and the brackets
that we got that came with it
they sent us one for sixty-five and one
for 67 so we're gonna make some bumper
brackets today and see if we can modify
this thing to fit better and we're going
to end up painting it anyway get rid of
the chrome and paint it I don't know
some some ideas on what color to paint
it maybe a body color or maybe something
different so but either way we've got to
make some cuts on it we're gonna shave
the bolt holes off of it and well the
brackets on the inside and make it a
cleaner look so we're going to get
started now
all right we're continuing on with our
projects here and Matt's over here
cutting out some paper dolls oh wait
he's uh cutting out a template for our
2000 Mustang master cylinder that we're
putting in and brake pedal and brake
booster so he's working on that we've
got to cut this template out they
provided and taped that to the firewall
and drill some holes based on the
templates to get it to fit and we're
also continuing to work on our bumper
situation back here while Matt's doing
that I'm working on this we've got our
bumper bracket kind of mocked up into
place and everything kind of ground and
we've just got some bolts holding it
tight to the correct location out here
and I'm gonna go ahead and weld these
bumper bracket supports in the car now
okay well we got the brackets welded in
and now we can start fitting the bumper
up and making the the outside brackets
that will actually go on them on the
bumper so we're gonna go ahead and mass
continuing to work on the on the brake
setup here and not sure what came out of
here from the factory but he's making a
patch right now we're gonna weld that in
so uh just kind of fine tune in the
patch and then we'll weld it in and
continue on alright we've made this
bracket that will get welded to the
inside of the bumper and then it'll also
weld here like that and then the bolts
you know obviously was how the bumper
will come off so we're gonna go ahead
and muck this thing up and get it back
alright well we've got the bumper mocked
into place and it's uh being held up
with some strings there and it's not
exactly we're gonna weld it but we're
gonna position it a little bit better
and tack those brackets and then pull
them back off and do the finish weld nut
and we'll make it a wrap this will be it
for today
a little bonus coverage here taking the
front sheet middle back off so we can
scuff it and get it ready to the prom
mat some of his friends